"We're here to present the Kana Secure Messaging Portal – a key initiative to streamline our internal and external communications, making them more efficient, secure, and user-friendly. This portal is built with enterprise standards in mind."

"Let's quickly review the technology powering this portal.

Our Frontend Architecture is built on Angular 20+ with TypeScript, ensuring a robust, scalable, and maintainable application. This aligns with modern enterprise frameworks and is compatible with Angular versions commonly adopted across Citi.

For the UI, we're using Angular Material Design, providing a consistent and responsive user experience.

The system is modular, designed with a clear Core Components Structure that includes a strong Authentication Layer for security.

Critically, we will leverage a Microservices Integration Strategy. You can see the distinct services for Authentication, Message Management, and User Management. This microservices approach provides scalability and resilience, critical for large-scale operations.

Future Scope 
The main integration work happens in 2 core files: auth.service.ts and message.service.ts, plus environment configuration. Everything else remains the same!
Update environment files with actual microservice URLs
Import HttpClientModule in main.ts
eplace localStorage with HTTP calls in AuthService
Replace localStorage with HTTP calls in MessageService
enableMockData: false  // Switch from true to false

"Now, let's see how this translates into a practical user experience.

(Authentication - Briefly show login) "Users begin with a secure login process, safeguarding access to sensitive information." (Log in quickly).

(Dashboard - Briefly show dashboard) "Once logged in, the Dashboard provides a quick glance at key statistics, offering immediate insights into message activity."

(Message Creation - Navigate to SendMessage, quickly show fields) "For Message Creation, the process is intuitive. Users can easily compose new messages, selecting appropriate topics, with built-in validation ensuring data accuracy." (Click 'Send' or similar, show a quick success message).

(Inbox & Management - Navigate to Inbox, show search/filter, click on a message) "The Inbox is the central hub for managing communications. Notice the real-time search and filter capabilities, allowing users to quickly find specific messages. When a message is selected, users can view details and, importantly, reply directly, enabling efficient two-way communication." (Briefly show a message dialog and the reply field).

(Security & Responsiveness - Briefly mention) "The portal incorporates role-based access control for data security and is fully mobile-responsive, ensuring accessibility across all devices."
